# 253. Meeting Rooms II

## Idea 
* When we need extra room, end event occurs and there is a starting event happened before that( generate overlapping)
* Create two array ( start and end ) and sort it
* Meeting that started which haven't end yet have to be put into differernt rooms 
* Create a variable "current end time" to point to the current  end event, and move the start event pointer  

## Visualization
For example, we have meetings that span along time as following

```
|_____|
      |______|
|________|
        |_______|

```
Then, the start time array and end time array after sorting appear link follows

```
||    ||
     |   |   |  | 
```
Initially, endsItr points to the first end event, and we move i which is the start event pointer. As we examine the start events, we’ll find the first two start events happen before the end event that endsItr points to, so we need two rooms (we magically created two rooms), as shown by the variable rooms. Then, as i points to the third start event, we’ll find that this event happens after the end event pointed by endsItr, then we increment endsItr so that it points to the next end event. What happens here can be thought of as one of the two previous meetings ended, and we moved the newly started meeting into that vacant room, thus we don’t need to increment rooms at this time and move both of the pointers forward.
Next, because endsItr moves to the next end event, we’ll find that the start event pointed by i happens before the end event pointed by endsItr. Thus, now we have 4 meetings started but only one ended, so we need one more room. And it goes on as this.

## Code 


```
public class Solution {
    public int minMeetingRooms(Interval[] intervals) {
        int[] start = new int[intervals.length];
        int[] end = new int[intervals.length];
        for(int i=0; i<intervals.length;i++){
            start[i] = intervals[i].start;
            end[i] = intervals[i].end;
        } 
        Arrays.sort(start);
        Arrays.sort(end);
        int count = 0;
        int e = 0; 
        for( int i = 0 ; i < start.length ; i++){
            if( start[i] < end[e]) count++;
            else e++;
        }
        return count;
    }
}

public class Interval {
     int start;
     int end;
     Interval() { start = 0; end = 0; }
     Interval(int s, int e) { start = s; end = e; }
}

```

## Idea ( heap )